Updating the website whitelist (#4518)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/auditing/apply-a-basic-audit-policy-on-a-file-or-folder.md

    -   To audit successful events, click **Success.**
    -   To audit failure events, click **Fail.**
    -   To audit all events, click **All.**

> 6.  In the **Applies to** box, click the object or objects that the audit of events will apply to. It can be to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  In the **Applies to** box, click the object or objects that the audit of events will apply to. These include:
```

>     -   **This folder only.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **This folder only**
```

>     -   **This folder, subfolders and files.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **This folder, subfolders and files**
```

>     -   **This folder and subfolders.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **This folder and subfolders**
```

>     -   **This folder and files.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **This folder and files**
```

>     -   **Subfolders and files only.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Subfolders and files only**
```

>     -   **Subfolders only.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Subfolders only**
```

>     -   **Files only.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Files only**
```

> 7.  By default, the selected **Basic Permissions** to Audit are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  By default, the selected **Basic Permissions** to audit are the following:
```

>     -   **Read & Execute.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Read and execute**
```

>     -   **List folder contents.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **List folder contents**
```

>     -   **Read.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   **Read**
```
